====
2.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ 
	int x=20,y=35; 
	x=y++ + x++;
	y= ++y + ++x;
	printf(“%d%dn”,x,y); 
} 
Answer : 5794 

====
3.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ 
	int x=5; 
	printf(“%d,%d,%dn”,x,x< <2,x>>2); 
} 
Answer: 5,20,1 

====
4.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
#define swap(a,b) a=a+b;b=a-b;a=a-b; 
void main() 
{
	int x=5, y=10; 
	swap (x,y);
	printf(“%d %dn”,x,y); 
	swap2(x,y); 
	printf(“%d %dn”,x,y); 
} 
int swap2(int a, int b) 
{
	int temp; 
	temp=a; 
	b=a; 
	a=temp; 
	return 0; 
} 
Answer: 10, 5 
10, 5 

====
5.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{
	char *ptr = ” Cisco Systems”; 
	*ptr++; printf(“%sn”,ptr); 
	ptr++; 
	printf(“%sn”,ptr); 
}
Answer:Cisco Systems 
isco systems

====
6.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ char s1[]=“Cisco”; 
char s2[]= “systems”; 
printf(“%s”,s1); 
}
Answer: Cisco 

====
7.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ char *p1; 
char *p2; 
p1=(char *)malloc(25); 
p2=(char *)malloc(25); 
strcpy(p1,”Cisco”); 
strcpy(p2,“systems”); 
strcat(p1,p2); 
printf(“%s”,p1); 
} 
Answer: Ciscosystems 

====
8.The following variable is available in file1.c, who can access it?: 
static int average; 
Answer: all the functions in the file1.c can access the variable. 

====
9.WHat will be the result of the following code? 
#define TRUE 0 // some code 
while(TRUE) 
{ 
// some code 
} 
Answer: This will not go into the loop as TRUE is defined as 0. 

====
10.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
int x; 
int modifyvalue() 
{ 
	return(x+=10); 
} 
int changevalue(int x) 
{ 
	return(x+=1); 
} 
void main() 
{ 
int x=10; 
x++; 
changevalue(x); 
x++; 
modifyvalue(); 
printf("First output:%dn",x);
x++; 
changevalue(x); 
printf("Second output:%dn",x);
modifyvalue(); 
printf("Third output:%dn",x);
} 
Answer: 12 , 13 , 13

====
11.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ int x=10, y=15; 
x = x++; 
y = ++y; 
printf(“%d %dn”,x,y); 
} 
Answer: 11, 16 

====
12.What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ int a=0; 
if(a==0) 
printf(“Cisco Systemsn”); 
printf(“Cisco Systemsn”); 
}
Answer: Two lines with “Cisco Systems” will be printed. 

====
What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
int x; 
int modifyvalue() 
{ return(x+=10); 
} int changevalue(int x) 
{ return(x+=1); 
} 
void main() 
{ int x=10; 
x++; 
changevalue(x); 
x++; 
modifyvalue(); 
printf("First output:%dn",x); 
x++; 
changevalue(x); 
printf("Second output:%dn",x); 
modifyvalue(); 
printf("Third output:%dn",x); 
} 
Answer: 12 , 13 , 13 

====
What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ int x=10, y=15; 
x = x++; 
y = ++y; 
printf(“%d %dn”,x,y); 
} 
Answer: 11, 16 

====
What will be printed as the result of the operation below: 
main() 
{ int a=0; 
if(a==0) 
printf(“Cisco Systemsn”); 
printf(“Cisco Systemsn”); 
} 
Answer: Two lines with “Cisco Systems” will be printed. 

====
高中学业水平考试高三英语质量检测卷
Part I
I.	Grammar and Vocabulary
Section A
Directions: Beneath each of the following sentences there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one answer that best completes the sentence. 
1. ＿＿ is to believe. 
A. Seeing      			B. Seen        		C. To see         D. See
2. 	At the sad news, she burst out _________.  
A. cried    				B. crying      		C. tears    		D. laughter
3. 	This school is _________ you studied at ten years ago.  
A. which					B. that				C. where		 	D. the one
4.	He was _______ fat that he couldn’t get through the door. 
   	A. so					B. how				C. such			D. much
5.	Little ＿＿ about his own safety, though he was in great danger himself. 
   A. dose he care   			B. did he care    		C. he cares    	D. he cared
6.	_______ he said is true. 	
	A. What					B. That				C. Which			D. Whether
7.	Doctors ______ in every part of the world. 
	A. need					B. are needing			C. are needed		D. will need
8.	Zhang’s family _____ rather big, with twelve people in all. 
	A. is						B. are				C. being			D. was
9.	You don’t ______ to go there if you have no time. 
	A. need					B. want				C. must			D. ought
10.	 Hurry up, and you ________ the test in a few minutes. 
	A. are finishing			B. finish				C. will finish		D. have finished
Section B
Directions: Read the text below. Use the word given at the end of each line to form a word fits in the space in the same line.
When we can see well, we do not think about our eyes often. It is only when we can not see   11     (perfect) that we come to see how   12    ( importance) our eyes are.
People who are nearsighted can only see things that are very close to their eyes. Many people who do a lot of close work, such as writing and reading, become nearsighted. Then they have to wear glasses in order to see   13   (distance) things clearly.
People who are farsighted face just the opposite problem. They can see things that are far away, but they have   14   (difficult) reading a book unless they hold it at arm’s   15   (lengthen). If they want to do much reading, they must get glasses too.
Other people do not see   16   (clear) because their eyes are not   17   (exact) the right shape. This, too, can be corrected by glasses. Some people’s eyes become   18   (cloud) because of cataracts. Long ago these people often became blind. Now, however, it is   19   (possibly) to operate on the cataracts and   20   (removal) them.
Section C 
Directions: For each blank in the following passage there are four words or phrases marked A, B, C and D. Fill in each blank with the word or phrase that best fits the context.
When I was a boy, children were always against wearing school uniform but teachers were keen on it because they said all of us looked   21  . Otherwise they said, children would compete with   22   and   23   children would be unhappy because people would see straight away how poor they were. In recent years, however, many schools have   24   the idea of making children wear uniform but, funny enough, now that children can wear   25   they like, they have adopted   26  . When some reporters visited a London school, they found that all the boys and girls were dressed    27    jeans.   28   girl said she would rather die than wear a coat   29   a jersey(运动衫) because no one wants to look different form other children in the class. Parents may not be as happy about this as children, but they ought to be, because this new kind of uniform is one that the children like, not something they have been forced to wear, and it is also a lot   30   than school uniforms used to be.
21. 	A. rich				B. the different		C. the same			D. honest
22.	A. each other			B. another			C. themselves			D. them
23. 	A. poorer				B. the poorer			C. the richest			D. the richer
24. 	A. taken away			B. taken off			C. put out				D. given up
25. 	A. what				B. that				C. which				D. as
26.	A. an own uniform							B. a uniform of their own
C. a proper uniform							D. a uniform of his own
27. 	A. on 				B. by				C. in					D. with
28. 	A. The				B. Certain			C. One				D. Some
29. 	A. instead of			B. take one’s place		C. take the place of		D. instead
30. 	A. great cheaper		B. more cheap			C. cheaper			D. more cheaper
II.	Reading Comprehension
Section A 
Directions: Read the following passages. Each passage is followed by several questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C, and D. Choose the one that fits best according to the information given in the passage you have just read. 
(A)
  	Not many years ago，a wealthy and rather strange old man named Johnson lived alone in a village in the south of England. He had made a lot of money in trading with foreign countries. When he was seventy-five，he gave ￡ 12，000 to the village school to buy land and equipment for a children’s playground.
    As a result of his kindness, many people came to visit him. Among them was a newspaperman. During their talk，Johnson remarked that he was seventy-five and expected to live to be a hundred. The newspaperman asked him how he managed to be healthy at seventy—five. Johnson had a sense of humor. He liked whisky and drank some each day. “I have an injection （注射） in my neck each evening.” he told the newspaperman，thinking of his evening glass of whisky.
    The newspaperman did not understand what Johnson meant. In his newspaper he reported that Johnson was seventy-five and had a daily injection in his neck. Within a week Johnson received thousands of letters from all over Britain， asking him for the secret of his daily injection.
31. 	Johnson became a rich man through _________.
A. doing business.
    B. making whisky.
    C. cheating.
    D. buying and selling land.
32. 	The gift of money to the school suggests that Johnson __________.
    A. had no children.
    B. was a strange man.
    C. was very fond of children.
    D. wanted people to know how rich he was.
33. 	Many people wrote to Johnson to find out  __________.
    A. what kind of whisky he had.
    B. how to live longer.
    C. how to become wealthy.
    D. in which part of the neck to have an injection.
34. 	The newspaperman ____________.
    A. should have reported what Johnson had told him.
    B. shouldn‘t have asked Johnson what injection he had.
    C. was eager to live a long life.
D. should have found out what Johnson really meant.
(B)
There is a wonderful story about a young girl who had no family and no one to love her.
One day，feeling very sad and lonely，she was walking through a grassland when she noticed a small butterfly caught in a thorn （荆棘） bush. The young girl carefully released the Butterfly. Instead of flying away，the little butterfly changed into a beautiful fairy. The young girl rubbed her eyes in disbelief.
“For your wonderful kindness，”he good fairy said to the girl， “ will give you any wish you would like.” The little girl thought for a moment and then replied， “ want to be happy.”
    The fairy leaned toward her and whispered in her ear. Then the fairy disappeared.
    As the little girl grew up，there was no one in the land as happy as she. Everyone asked her secret of happiness .She would only smile and answer，“The secret of my happiness is that I listened to a good fairy when I was a little girl.”
    When she was very old and on her deathbed，the neighbors all gathered around her， that her unbelievable secret of happiness would die with her. “Tell us，please，” they begged， “Tell us what the good fairy said.”The lovely old woman simply smiled and said，“She told me that everyone，no matter how secure they seemed，no matter how old or young，how rich or poor， had need of me.”
35. 	_____ the girl felt sad and lonely.
    A. There were many friends but
    B. There was nobody to love her so
    C. There was nothing to do
    D. Seeing the butterfly was caught
36.  Noticing the butterfly was caught by the thorn， the orphan girl ______.
    A. helped the butterfly escaped from the thorn
    B. felt sorrow，but she didn’t go up to help it
    C. fell down on it too
    D. failed to help it release from the thorn
37.	The only thing that the little girl wanted was________.
    A. to be rich
    B. to have her own parents
    C. to have a lot of friends
    D. happiness
38. 	The neighbors all gathered around the old happy woman when she was dying，because ___.
    A. they loved this woman deeply and they didn‘t wanted her to die
    B. the woman had lots of money to be shared as soon as she died
    C. they wanted to know the secret of her lifetime happiness
    D. they wanted to pray for her after her death 
 (C)
How often one hears children wishing they were grown up, and old people wishing they were young again. Each age has its pleasures and its pains, and the happiest person is the one who enjoys what each age gives him without wasting his time in useless regrets. 
Childhood is a time when there are few responsibilities to make life difficult. If a child has good parents, he is fed, looked after and loved, whatever he may do. It is impossible that he will ever again in his life be given so much without having to do anything in return. in addition, life is always presenting new things to the child-things that have lost their interest for older people because they are too well-known. But a child has his parents, he is not so free to do what he wishes to do； he is continually being told not to do things or being punished for what he has done wrong. When the young man starts to earn his own living, he can no longer expect others to pay for his food, his clothes, and his room, but has to work if he wants to live comfortably. If he spends most of his time playing about in the way that he used to as a child, he will go hungry. And if he breaks the laws of society as he used to break the laws of his parents, he may go to prison. If, however, he works hard, keeps out of trouble and has good health, he can have the great happiness of building up for himself his own position in society. 
39. 	According to the second paragraph, the writer thinks that _______. 
A. life for a child is comparatively easy 
B. a child is always loved whatever he does 
C. if much is given to a child, he must do something in return 
D. only children are interested in life 
40. 	After a child grows up, he ________. 
A. will have little time playing 
B. has to be successful in finding a job 
C. can still ask for help in time of trouble 
D. should be able to take care of himself 
41. 	Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage? 
A. People are often satisfied with their life. 
B. Life is less interesting for old people. 
C. Adults are freer to do what they want to do. 
D. Adults should no longer rely on others. 
42.	The main idea of the passage is _________. 
A. life is not enjoyable since each age has some pains 
B. young men can have the greatest happiness if they work hard 
C. childhood is the move enjoyable time in one’s life 
D. one is the happiest if he can make good use of each age in his life
Section B
Directions: Read the passage carefully. Then answer the questions or complete the statements in the fewest possible words.
In 1901, the citizens of Colorado Springs in the USA decided to collect everyday items and to seal (密封) them in a steel box. The box was marked “To be opened after midnight, December 31st , AD2000”,and was stored in the Colorado College library.
One hundred years later, on the appointed day, 300 people gathered to watch the opening of the box. Many in the crowd were the descendants (后代) of people who had placed things inside the box.
When the box was opened after midnight, the contents were in very good condition. There were newspapers, photographs, diaries, name cards, family trees, books and dozens of letters, including one written by Theodore Roosevelt, who became the President of the USA later that year. One of Roosevelt's friends lived in Colorado Springs at that time.
Many of the letters were addressed to their descendants. They describe the hopes that people of 1901 had for the people of the next century. At that time, Colorado Springs had just a few thousand residents, Now nearly half a million people live there.
Colorado College Library has scanned the material and put them on a website. Cecil Muller, whose grandfather had placed a collection of postcards in the box, said that the time capsule was a great treasure. “This is a wonderful educational resource. We can learn so much about our history,” he said. “I never knew my grandfather, but now I feel very close to him.”
In April 2001, a committee filled the time capsule with items from modem Colorado Springs and resealed it for another hundred years.
(Note: Answer the questions or complete the statements in NO MORE THAN 12 WORDS)
43. According to the passage, the box was opened on____________________________________.
44. Many of the letters in the box talked about people’s__________________________________.
45. What does the “time capsule” refer to according to the context in the passage?
______________________________________________________________________________.
46. What can be concluded from Cecil Muller’s words?
______________________________________________________________________________.
Section C
Directions: Read the following instructions about a story and complete the flow chart that follows. Write one word or more in each space.。
I came to study in the United States a year ago .Yet I did not know the real American society until I was injured in a car accident because after the accident I had to see a doctor and go to court.
    After the accident .my roommate called a doctor for me. I was very grateful and determined to repay him one day. But the next day, he asked me to pay him $200 for what he had done. I was astonished. He had good reason to charge me, he said. And if I wanted to collect money from the person who was responsible for my injury, I’d have to have a good lawyer. And only a good doctor can help me get a good lawyer .Now that he had helped me find a good doctor, it was only fair that I should pay him.
    But every day I went to see the doctor, I had to wait about 50 minutes. He would see two or three patients at the same time, and often stop treating one so as to see another. Yet he charged me $115 each time .The final examination report consisted of ten lines, and it cost me $215.
    My lawyer was all smiles the first time we met. But after that he avoided seeing me at all. He knew very well the other party was responsible for the accident, yet he hardly did anything. He simply waited to collect his money. He was so irresponsible that I decided to dismiss him. And he made me pay him $770. 
Now I had to act as my own lawyer. Due to my inexperience, I told the insurance company the date I was leaving America. Knowing that, they played for time…and I left without getting a cent.
The author     47        a year ago.
               
The author     48         in an accident.

The author’s roommate       49        for him.

The author’s roommate      50        $200 for what he had done
III.	Writing
Section A
Directions: Complete the following sentences by translating the Chinese in the brackets into English.
1．_________________________(尽管有困难)，we will try to accomplish the task.
2. This song often _____________（使我想起）the time that we spent together in the middle school.
3. ______________ （读电子书) is becoming a new trend for young people.
Section B 
Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words given in the brackets.
4. 使孩子们高兴得是，他们在假期也可以使用图书馆。（access）

5. 不管价钱多少，她也打算买下那件美丽的衣服。（regardless of）

Section C
Directions: Write an English composition in between 100 and 120 words according to the situation given below in Chinese.
请你根据“守株待兔”的寓言故事内容，用英语写一篇短文。字数约120词左右。
参考词汇：锄草weed; 锄头hoe；树干：trunk;

高中学业水平考试质量检测卷参考答案
Part I
I.	Grammar and Vocabulary
Section A
1-5 CBDAB   6-10 ACAAB
Section B
11. perfect-perfectly  	12. importance- important  13. distance-distant  14. difficult-difficuty
15. lengthen-length	16. clear-clearly	17. exact-exactly    18. cloud-cloudy
19. possibly-possible	20. removal-remove
Section C 
21-25CABDA    26-30 BCCAC
II.	Reading Comprehension
Section A 
31-34 ABBD		35-38 BADC    39-42 ADAD
Section B
43. January 1st, AD 2001
44. hope for the future.
45. It refers to a collection of items from people in the past.
46. He learned a lot about the local history from the collection.  
Section C
47. came to study in the United Sates
48. was injured
49. called a doctor 
50. asked the author to pay
III.	Writing
Section A
1. 	Despite difficulties (尽管有困难)，we will try to accomplish the task.
2. 	This song often reminds me of（使我想起）the time that we spent together in the middle school.
3. 	Reading electronic books（读电子书) is becoming a new trend for young people.
Section B 
Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words given in the brackets.
4. 使孩子们高兴得是，他们在假期也可以使用图书馆。（access）
To the students’ joy, they can also have access to the school library during the vocation.
5. 不管价钱多少，她也打算买下那件美丽的衣服。（regardless of）
She is going to buy the beautiful dress regardless of its price.
Directions: Write an English composition in between 100 and 120 words according to the situation given below in Chinese.
请你根据“守株待兔”的寓言故事内容，用英语写一篇短文。字数约120词左右。
参考词汇：锄草weed; 锄头hoe；树干：trunk;
To Sit by a Tree Waiting for a Hare to Come
Long long ago, on a hot summer day, a farmer was weeding in the field with a hoe. Suddenly, he saw a hare run quickly but bump into the trunk of a tree, dead. He picked the dead hare and took it home to cook it. It was a nice dinner. He thought, “How wonderful it is! I’m tired of farming. Why not just sit under the tree and wait for more hares to run into the trunk?”
The next day, he sat under the tree and waited. He waited and waited but no hare came. Many days passed but nothing happened. His field was overgrown with weeds. Who knows what he lived on the next year if he kept sitting by the tree and waiting for nothing! 
This story tells us that it is impossible to be rewarded without hard work. As the old Chinese saying goes, “No pains, no gains”.

====
金山公司几道面试题
2. What are three ways in which a thread can enter the waiting state?
答:
CPU调度给优先级更高的thread，原先thread进入waiting
阻塞的thread获得资源或者信号，进入waiting
权重：中















